Don't be rejected
Lu Xiao
Chaoroneng
Enmity between the two of you
Will report sooner or later
What's the use of this thing?
Do you need to find it for so long?
Oh Lu Xiu, no
The Marshal-in-Chief is looking for you
The old man successfully completed the task
There you go.
If you return to Dragon City, I will restore your status as a marshal
Then this jade pendant
Dragon pattern jade pendant
Dragons appear in contact with water
It is the symbol of our dragon city
From now on, this jade pendant will be at your disposal
Yes, don't forget to bring Gao Ruonan next time you come back.
Let me also take a look to open my eyes
OK, got it.
Where is the wife going?
Dragon City, that's a jade pendant.
Maybe not.